Adding Mission Statement + Reworking the intro (#139)
gruetter/innerSourceTest: README.md

> This repository contains the InnerSource Patterns collected by [innersourcecommons.org][isc-website]. These patterns illustrate beneficial activities and behaviors found in [organizations who apply InnerSource methodologies][isc-getting-started]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the InnerSource Patterns collected by the [innersourcecommons.org](InnerSource Commons). These patterns illustrate beneficial activities and behaviors found in [organizations who apply InnerSource methodologies][isc-getting-started]. 
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repository contains the InnerSource Patterns collected by the [innersourcecommons.org](InnerSource Commons). These patterns illustrate beneficial activities and behaviors found in [organizations who apply InnerSource][isc-getting-started]
```
(This is @MaineC 's suggestion - minus the word methodologies)

Author: You suggestion won't create a valid link I think. But I understand what you are after and will fix it accordingly.

Author: Please see the latest version of this branch/PR.

Below you find [what a pattern is][gh-what-are-patterns], a [list of known patterns][gh-list-of-patterns], and [how to use these patterns][gh-how-to-use-patterns] in your organization.

You are already using InnerSource in your company and want to share your ideas and experiences with the world? We would love to [welcome your contributions][gh-contribute]!

[isc-website]: http://innersourcecommons.org
[isc-getting-started]: http://innersourcecommons.org/getting-started/
[gh-list-of-patterns]: https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourcePatterns#list-of-patterns
[gh-what-are-patterns]: https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourcePatterns#what-are-inner-source-patterns
[gh-how-to-use-patterns]: https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourcePatterns#how-can-you-use-inner-source-patterns
[gh-contribute]: https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourcePatterns#how-to-contribute

# Mission Statement

> We want to publish an ebook with InnerSource Patterns - a set of proven and reviewed solutions to InnerSource problems. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our mission in this working group
- Collect and document agreed upon best practices of how to do InnerSource - in the form of patterns
- Continuously publish the most mature patterns as an ebook
```

> The ebook will be published on [innersourcecommons.org][isc-website]. (Disclaimer: We have not published one yet, but we will soon!)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

I'd drop it as it doesn't add specific information - so That way we can keep it lean?

Author: Sounds good.

> This repository contains the InnerSource Patterns collected by the [InnerSource Commons][isc-website]. These patterns illustrate beneficial activities and behaviors found in [organizations who apply InnerSource][isc-getting-started]. 

Reviewer 2: (In general all changes look good - not sure if I am overly picky with this comment):

I always feel a lot depends on "first sentences" because they are a door opener.

Would you feel the following is a improvement or a regression?

```suggestion
This repository contains the InnerSource Patterns collected by the [InnerSource Commons][isc-website]. These patterns are InnerSource best practices codified in a specific format to make it easy to understand, evaluate, and reuse them. 
```

Author: Looks good to me, feel free to merge it in. However then you will also have to remove the link the reference `[isc-getting-started]` as you are not using that link anymore.

Below you find [what a pattern is][gh-what-are-patterns], a [list of known patterns][gh-list-of-patterns], and [how to use these patterns][gh-how-to-use-patterns] in your organization.

You are already using InnerSource in your company and want to share your ideas and experiences with the world? We would love to [welcome your contributions][gh-contribute]!

[isc-website]: http://innersourcecommons.org

> [isc-getting-started]: http://innersourcecommons.org/getting-started/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
